It was dark in the hangar as Iko entered through the side. The main door was shut -- a rare
occurrence as Jin was always complaining about how hot it got in there. "Where is Jin" Iko
thought to herself. He was alwayss tinkering, making some modification to their ship. "If
I reroute power through this junction, The accelerator and injector will share the same
bus, cutting our energy expenditure by half a percent. . ." he would say to no one in 
particular as he worked. But as Iko made a quick pass around the hangar, she heard nothing,
she saw nothing. Something was wrong.

Suddenly, waves started forming. What seemed like a silent sea became full enraged. It was lokking as if something was coming out of the water. Seeing all this, Iko got scared. She called out for Jin but there  was no reply. Panicked Iko tried her best to manage the situation. Suddenly, she heard Jin calling for help and then she ran for to her rescue.

With every step she took, she felt she has stepped into an icehouse. Trembling uncontrollably, Iko moved her sights into the waves, a sunken ship appeared from nowhere. Though tattered, it floated on the sea. Wind was blowing heavily, yet inside those noisy winds, Iko heard pirates singing their ship song. 

Iko went further and was able to make out the scene. Jin had been captured by the pirates and they
seemed to be quite rowdy. Iko heard one of the pirates say "We know you have the energy crystals so 
tell us where they are before you won;t be able to anymore!" Jin looked as if he ahd been beaten
and he was forming a black eye. Iko had to do something before the situation got worse.

She had left her rifle in the hangar so she had to avoid a fight. The pirates had pistols,
cannons, and swords and certainly wern't trying to hide them. A direct attack would only 
leave her bleeding on the ground.  They had already spotted her so a silent approach was
not an option. They had her truly caught and they knew it. Her only option was to make some 
sort of deal? But she had no idea what this "power crystal" was that they were reffering to.
She would have to bluff her way out of this one.

Iko shot 3 flares in quick succession -- the internationally known symbol for a parley.
Several minutes went by before Iko finally spotted the pirate captain moving on the deck.
He boarded a smaller vessel meant for docking along with 6 of his crew. The rest abord the
main vessel lowered the docking party to the water and the boat made its slow approach to
the boardwalk where Iko stood. Iko's mind raced trying to think of some way out, one that
kept her and jin breathing by the end of it. Still desperatley puzzling over her plight,
Iko didn't even notice when the captain arrived. He was a little over an arms length away
before she came back to reality -- more than a little startled to see the pirates before
her. 

6 guns and 7 frowns were pointed at her. The captain spoke first in an language she 
could not even guess the origin of. After a long string of sentences in this foreign 
tounge, There was a short pause before one of the gun wielding henchman behind the captain
translated. They had been hired by a local warlord to aquire an artifact. She was to
surrender the location of the power crystal immediately. This was the only way she and Jin 
would walk away.

Iko knew better than to try and reason with these men. But she still didn't know exactly
what this power crystal was. And she was betting that these pirates didn't either. She 
addressed the captain and explained that she would give them the crystal once Jin was 
brought to the dock. The henchman translated and the captain nodded. A different pirate
shot a flare and Iko could see the crew on the main ship preparing another docking vessel.
While Jin was being ferried, Iko ran quickly back to the hangar and began removing the
power core from their ship. This core would become increasingly unstable as soon as 
it was removed from its housing. So once this was done, Iko wasted no time in returning to
the dock.

Jin was already there when she arrived. She could feel the core heating up in her hands.
There wasn't much time before it would meltdown. Iko handed the "power crystal" to the 
captain. He inspected it, turning it over several times in his hands. Eventually, he seemed
satisfied and handed the core off to one of his crew before shoving Jin across the 
boardwalk towards Iko. The core began to get brighter and both Iko and Jin knew what this
meant. They took off at a sprint, covering some distance before any of the pirates knew
what was happening. It was to late -- There was a flash and then the boardwalk evaporated.
Iko and Jin were thrown off there feet by the blast.

The two looked at each other, They had narrowly escaped. They layed there for a moment 
comming to terms with their close brush with death before they both realized they had
better get moving before the rest of the pirates caught up with them.
